feat: add rerun_workflow tool (#66)
CircleCI-Public/mcp-server-circleci: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [0.8.0] - 2025-05-15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [0.8.0] - 2025-05-22
```

### Added

> - Added `rerun_workflow` tool to rerun a workflow from its start or from the point it failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `rerun_workflow` tool to rerun a workflow from its start or from the failed job
```

Reviewer 2: Addressed in follow up commit [here](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/mcp-server-circleci/pull/66/commits/05e6dfa320d7517bee5a9204818aa28d498fad59).
